feat: add `Show Regions` and update `REGION_PEERS` docs (#1616)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/reference/sql/show.md

+-------+--------+------+------+---------+-------+---------------+
```

To list all regions in a table:
```sql
SHOW REGION FROM monitor;
```

```sql
+----------------+---------------+------+--------+
| Table          | Region        | Peer | Leader |
+----------------+---------------+------+--------+
| monitor        | 4398046511104 |    0 | Yes    |
+----------------+---------------+------+--------+
```

> Which is the extension of `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.REGION_PEERS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the extension of `INFORMATION_SCHEMA.REGION_PEERS` and supports `WHERE` too.

The syntax is
```sql
SHOW REGION FROM [table] [IN database] [WHERE where]
```

```
